 	There have been many times where I have taken the easy way out for an assignment in the past. Often times teachers will set a page limit range, for example “This paper should be 6-10 pages”, and as soon as I reach that minimum range of in this example 6 pages, I will figure out a way to wrap up my paper and have my conclusion on that page 6. I have done the exact same thing with word limits too where as soon as I hit the minimum word limit, I will feel accomplished and wrap up my paper. I have done this even if I have not extensively done all my research, often I am sure there could be more research out there to cover parts of the topic my paper had not covered yet. Even writing this paper I am sure I will not write much more than the 500-word, one page limit.
	
  	I found it very relatable where the article talked about how grades tend to reduce the quality of students’ thinking. I have had plenty of teachers in the past give out study guides with terms to know for an upcoming exam. Instead of reading the book and getting the most out of it as I could I simply look up the terms in the appendix, find where they are, and study only what those terms mean. Yes, it has worked out for me in the sense that I will get good grades on the exams and in the class. The paragraph about this in the article states that graded groups had worse recall of facts a week later. I find this to be very true as often I will look back at classes and exams, I took that I got very good grades on and try to remember what I actually learned from those classes. Often, I wind up telling myself that there is no way if I took those same exams today, that I would even pass them.

	This year more than any other school year of mine in the past I have tried to come into with more motivation than ever. Before I was going to school to get my associates degree and bachelors degree all while playing baseball not overly focused on my education. This year I have prepared myself to try to be overly focused trying to gain my masters degree before going off into the real world and having to acquire a job. Learning as much meaningful knowledge as I can is my motivation these next two years for me so I can feel even more confident applying and interviewing for jobs in the future.
	
	I also found it very interesting where the article talked about how students will take the easy way out when it comes to grading, the writer explained this as students being rational rather then them being lazy. Often, I have looked back at previous classes and projects I have worked on and question my work ethic and thought to myself that I was a lazy student just doing the bare minimum to receive a good grade. I think it is interesting but also makes a lot of sense that the writer uses the word rational to explain why I may have chosen the easy path. This makes sense to me because in general I do not regard myself as a lazy or un-motivated person.

